if you are diehard ultimate team pana
you're looking for some dirt cheap
clothes make sure to check out UV 4.com
and use discount code to re put five
percent off so basically your game
claims for nothing make sure check their
link down below in description let's get
into the video hopefully EA aids are on
my side hello guys it is gone even
welcome to my world cup squad builder
this squad goes for nothing because the
players are basically untradeable but i
spent about 1.2 million quaint on buying
packs for me to show you this one so
hopefully you enjoyed the team and I
know some of you are gonna complain all
but there he's not European he's from
South America but don't worry the team
plays absolutely brilliant and I like
some of the players from South America
anyway so yes if we can reach one buzzer
that's on a school bureau that would be
absolutely brilliant let's go and go
have no you're he's still the same as he
is on MPT he's basically Opie besco
keeping the game by far in a bad
position I have one friend unfortunately
it's not the TV in the version as it is
a different game mode but same way he's
still quit good at passing even as I say
72 and it was so good at hitting the
ball away versus the back I have his
peak a very solid in the air the only
thing I really really got mad about what
his pace he's not a kook ttg pace is not
quick enough on Alma team all run sends
back said Ramos he can head of the ball
he can defend or his interceptions are
absolutely brilliant in that position
I'd ruled it out bar simply because of
his pace for my first intimate I have
Fabregas he's passing it's absolutely
amazing it's not like this on no more my
team the booster ad Portas trackers I've
never been able to do that with any
player Mario got say even giggle in and
out of the midfield lack is easy the
only fault that he has is that he's very
very weak and for my last sentiment yes
I know he is not European what Oscar how
can I not had this guy in the squad have
you seen how he plays on Alma team
blistering pace absolute sick crossing
and he also can win headed somehow I
don't even know that's what I'm kind of
thing it just seemed that this game
looks so damn fake so instructor
position I have Karim Benzema he hasn't
been downgraded for me on the ingame
stats he has but he still seems the same
along with team
enjoy playing with him the only thing I
find is when he's in front of goal some
of the shots that usually were going to
stone and now for my last player in the
team when I packed him out so damn happy
Neymar Wow haha now this is a player
that will cause you problems in anywhere
in the pitch even in go will cause you
problems in the fence midfield and
attack us you will rip the whole field
up so yes has my best I'm David Cross
star good nagar and Robinho joe hart
hick wagon let's desi Boateng know you
could to see some of the players hair
i'm able to talk about the plan so yes
also before i go to a game make sure to
win the comment section down below who
you got in a pack and tweet me your
teams or put in the comment section down
below who you have in your team so yes i
know mostly Patrignano messy let's go
into the game oh what a team has their
he's got Ross Barkley Santi Cazorla
Chiellini dead day I'm dead to the girls
i've dated because he's definitely slow
from what I've seen on Twitter so let's
go into the map conse conse shoot please
go in oh what a save keeper oh shit No
Oh magauran illumining yes be Omaha got
off Scott yes or scar please good is 0
cess oh no what a fucking head off what
ahead of Sergio over ball hit the
keyboard oh hello my no no me know yes
what is it what are you doing no get
this no boys scored man 15 admin I've
ever know you scooter Barkley a head off
have you seen the shots I've been
peppering a cocky but but I just don't
to go in through and go sis Fabregas and
you do not score oh my god shoot finally
it's gone is heavy with minutes Karen oh
my god if one ago he does always go but
he comes up with the goods when
yes God's a show them why you're worth
it Oh what's a fucking number save fault
no yes we saved it gone yes name or name
on all my days oh shit so the games
ended as a joke Amy's listen up drew the
second match of the group stage what a
fucking tag game that was i pelted so
many subtle am and he posed so many
shots at me discord is absolutely
wonderful to play with visibility on a
mission to like comment subscribe if we
can read one part of legs that would be
great piece oh my god we just woke up
Barney Edison is Edinson Cavani boo
marlin and Murr Tweedy all in one pack